if you're on various technology from all
of our democracy and ally has been slain
let's finish this quickly yeah what I
feel like I never compromise and ally
has been slain I myself feel I make up a
lie to myself they all have my doubts p
Oakland oh thank Emilio family an ally
has been slain on the razor's edge
hey uncle Otto
oh really oh yeah still that long don't
pay of y'all fine three they are
actually some time are they are item
in my paralyzing me all
oh hi oh my prom at the highball filling
up the grill what time are you getting
Donna to live animals pledge life to
honor by the way I India they don't
associate commenting on all those making
to Theodore sit on to pump let's finish
this quickly get battle mill shut that a
few liking Bourbons are almost over ha
there's no where does so Marty do any
day I like on you too must stop it I am
fixing mob war
don't copy all I offer up I feel so sad
thanks a lot though ah she's awesome CI
a-- on the razor's edge takashimaya oh
my god fair get here and ally has been
slain let's just say no thank you allah
they can make our founder hi mommy and
enemy has been slain agencies mean
nothing yes it's a budget honor by up
either
after this half a lifetime cap toe and
it dies down or to the working here at
the end yokomo boots on Yanina open
local time today but I don't at all now
when I really honest a your lifetime
as I sleep I know that I has mostly let
me finish up talking